Feature/core 1677 didcomm webhooks (#1)
evannetwork/tnt-docs: didcomm/services-1/actions/didcomm.md

# DIDCOMM

> The DIDComm action type provides the functionality to sent encrypted DIDComm messages to your partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DIDComm action type provides the functionality to send encrypted DIDComm messages to your partners.
```

{% api-method method="post" host="https://tntservices-ce07.azurewebsites.net/api/action" path="/:uuid" %}
{% api-method-summary %}
Send message
{% endapi-method-summary %}

{% api-method-description %}
To sent a message over the action thread, use the **uuid** path parameter with the **command** flag.
{% endapi-method-description %}

{% api-method-spec %}
{% api-method-request %}
{% api-method-path-parameters %}
{% api-method-parameter name="uuid" type="string" required=true %}
action uuid
{% endapi-method-parameter %}
{% endapi-method-path-parameters %}

{% api-method-body-parameters %}
{% api-method-parameter name="data" type="string" required=true %}
{ "message": { ... } }
{% endapi-method-parameter %}

{% api-method-parameter name="command" type="string" required=true %}
must be "**message**"
{% endapi-method-parameter %}
{% endapi-method-body-parameters %}
{% endapi-method-request %}

{% api-method-response %}
{% api-method-response-example httpCode=200 %}
{% api-method-response-example-description %}

{% endapi-method-response-example-description %}

```text

```
{% endapi-method-response-example %}
{% endapi-method-response %}
{% endapi-method-spec %}
{% endapi-method %}

> The data parameter must include a message object, that includes basically the following data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data parameter must include a message object, that at least includes the following data:
```
